[Autogenerated] Well,
I won't forget how excited I was to deploy my first
containerized app to AWS and then actually use it.
If you've been following along, I hope you got a little bit of that thrill is,
well, the first time you saw yours working.
So let's do a quick review of what we went through in this module.
Remember,
we started with a review of the various options for having containers on AWS,
and there's a little bit of mix and match you can do
depending on if you want to use the proprietary E C s for
orchestrating containers or eat hay s.
If you're familiar with kubernetes,
you can choose your level of control if you want to manage
your E C to host instance or choose the easy,
breezy fargate to take care of everything from pushing images to AWS,
creating E C two instances and provisioning and managing the campaigners.
And he has.
That's the path I chose.
First I made sure you knew how to get your machine set up
with Docker desktop and ensuring that the visual studio
container tools were installed.
Then we dock arised our application,
which those container tools made really simple and before running that locally,
I did make a little tweak so that I didn't have to worry about the local
container trying to access the AWS systems manager.
Once that was working,
we then used the AWS toolkit to deploy the application for fargate.
There were a bunch of settings we went through to configure the deployment.
Most of the defaults were just fine,
although we did need to pay special attention to ensure that
the containers were inside the correct VPC.
Then the toolkit created resource is on AWS.
It built the docker image on my computer,
then push that up to the elastic container registry.
Then, once all of that was in place,
Fargate took care of the rest and got my campaigners up and running.
There was just one last week to the security group for the RTs instance
to ensure that my containers were allowed to talk to the database and
then everything was working as expected.
In the next module will learn one more scenario of hosting
our ___ peanut core application on AWS,
which is to leverage AWS Lambda Serverless functions to run the A P I and
thereby gain some of the benefits of being serverless.
Here's a list of resource is relevant to this module that you might find useful,
including an article I wrote for MST and magazine,
which is now in Microsoft docks.
That explains the visual studio container tools and the multistage docker file.
I also added a link to a conversation about your first ah ha moment with
Docker that I had with Elton Stoneman at Dr Khan 2020.
If you're new to Docker, you might find it helpful.
I'm Julie Lierman and thanks again for watching fundamentals of building dot net applications on AWS.